Add note about restarts when using the sponge source term (#2464)
ExtremeFLOW/neko: doc/pages/user-guide/case-file.md

Finally, the fringe function field must be filled by the user. This must be
done through the user file by adding the fringe field to the

> `neko_registry` in either `user_init_modules` or `fluid_user_ic` (more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`neko_registry` in either `initialize` or `initial_conditions` (more
```

> specifically, before the first call to compute the sponge source term). Note that `fluid_user_ic` is not called when doing a restart from a checkpoint file, so if restarts will be done the sponge should be implemented in `user_init_modules`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specifically, before the first call to compute the sponge source term). Note that `initial_conditions` is not called when doing a restart from a checkpoint file, so if restarts will be done the sponge should be implemented in `user_init_modules`.
```
